//This example is of counters mainly and we are also using timers like watchdog is being used here for constantly run the applet every 20 second. 


////This example is of counters mainly and we are also using timers like watchdog is being used here for constantly running the applet every 20 second. The 
first applet i.e. counterA has a timer watchdog set to 20 seconds. Action 1.0 is displaying an output to show that the script had executed, and action 2.0
is creating a counter named ERRORs which is subjected to increase operator and it is increasing the value of ERRORS by 1 everytime  the applet counterA runs.
The counterB applet is then calling the same counter and checking the value of it, the entry operation is greater than and entry value is 3 so it means that 
run this counterB script below if the value of ERRORS is greater than 3, and the exit-operator is less than and the exit-value is defined as 3 so if the value 
of ERRORS is less than 3 then do not trigger the event so the script below wouldn't run. Now action 1.0 is again just a displaying us an output to show us
that the EVent counterB had run and action 2.0 is setting the value of counter to 0. 
So the counterA event will run 3 times and then on 4th time it will run along with counterB event because counterB event has a greater than operator not
greater than and equal to and it then will also reset the value of ERRORS to 0, hence repeating the same process again.//

event manager applet counterA
 event timer watchdog time 20
action 1.0 puts "Event Counter A ran"
action 2.0 counter name "ERRORS" op inc value 1
 
event manager applet counterB
 event counter name ERRORS entry-val 3 entry-op gt exit-val 3 exit-op lt
action 1.0 puts "Event Counter B ran"
action 2.0 counter name "ERRORS" op set value 0








//This another example is of counters mainly and we are also using timers like watchdog is being used here for constantly running the applet every 20 second. 
The  first applet i.e. counterA has a timer watchdog set to 20 seconds. Action 1.0 is displaying an output to show that the script had executed, and action 2.0
is creating a counter named ERRORs which is subjected to increase operator and it is increasing the value of ERRORS by 1 everytime the applet counterA runs.
The counterB applet is then calling the same counter and checking the value of it, the entry operation is greater than & equal to and entry value is 3 so it 
means that run this counterB script below if the value of ERRORS is greater than or equal to 3, and the exit-operator is less than and the exit-value is 
defined as 3 so if the value of ERRORS is less than 3 then do not trigger the event so the script below wouldn't run. Now action 1.0 is again just a 
displaying us an output to show us that the EVent counterB had run and action 2.0 is decrementing the value of ERRORS by 1 everytime it runs.
So the event counterA will run 2 times and on 3rd time event counterB will run along with it constantly because counterB action 2.0 is decrementing the value
of Errors from 3 to 2 and event counterA is then incrementing it by 1 so from 2 to 3, so from then onwards they both will continue to print their action 1.0
one after the other.

event manager applet counterA
event timer watchdog time 20
 action 1.0 puts "Event Counter A ran"
 action 2.0 counter name "ERRORS" op inc value 1
 
event manager applet counterB
 event counter name ERRORS entry-val 3 entry-op ge exit-val 3 exit-op lt
action 1.0 puts "Event Counter B ran"
action 2.0 counter name "ERRORS" op dec value 1
