//Simple eem script for interface counter transmit_rate_pps which is transmitted packets per second rate. You can trigger it in lab environment by pinging via 
that interface gig1 a 1000 packets in repeat. Ping to broadcast adddress of 255.255.255.255 wont trigger it because it has a timeout value of 2 between every 
ping and it sends 1 packet over 2 second, broadcast doesn't know that who is going to reply and sends ping to all addresses in its network and thats how it
works by invoking a 2 second timeout. The pings however only take like 2 to 4 milliseconds for each one of these broadcast destinations but the point is it 
still waited the time out of 2 seconds whereas Unicast packet is sent and when it gets a reply, it immediately sends another packet//

//Answers to clarity this from ChatGPT 
In this specific EEM applet, the event will be triggered each time the "transmit_rate_pps" of interface 
"GigabitEthernet1" is greater than or equal to the value of "2" (as specified by the "entry-op ge" and "entry-val 2" parameters). The script will poll the
interface's transmit rate every 0.5 seconds (as specified by the "poll-interval 0.5" parameter). The number of times the event is triggered depends on the 
current value of the transmit rate and how it changes over time. If the transmit rate is consistently above 2 PPS, then the event will be triggered repeatedly 
every 0.5 seconds. If you're using a ping command with repeat 1000 to trigger the event, it will trigger an event each time a packet is sent and received, i.e.
1000 times, as long as the transmit rate is more than 2 PPS.//

//Also if you introduce exit-val, exit-op and exit-type in this event definition, what difference would it make ? Well look below:
Introducing "exit-value", "exit-op" and "exit-type" in this EEM applet would change the way the event is handled when the conditions for the event are no longer
met. The "exit-value" parameter is used to specify a threshold value for the monitored metric, in this case the "transmit_rate_pps" of interface 
"GigabitEthernet1". The "exit-op" parameter is used to specify the operator that is used to compare the monitored metric with the "exit-value", such as
"lt" (less than) or "le" (less than or equal to). The "exit-type" parameter is used to specify the type of the exit value, such as "value" or "percentage".
For example, if you set "exit-value" to "1", "exit-op" to "le" and "exit-type" to "value", the script will stop triggering the event once the 
"transmit_rate_pps" goes below 1. In other words, it would exit the event when the exit condition is met. This could be used to stop running certain commands
or taking certain actions once the monitored metric falls below a certain threshold.//




event manager applet interface
 event interface name GigabitEthernet1 parameter transmit_rate_pps entry-op ge entry-val 2 entry-type value poll-interval 0.5
 action 1.0 puts "PPS are more than 2"


